README.md, before:

# err-seat
Seat Api Interface for errbot, reports starbases (out of fuel, silo full, siphon, reinforced). Ability to search for pocos/posses, offline posses, posses that run out of fuel in x hours.

## Installation
You need errbot and eveseat please see the following links for setting that up:   
*  http://errbot.io
*  http://seat-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

## Connecting / Configuration
Under <yourseatdomain>/api-admin add the ip of your errbot. 
In the seat.py you need to set the api url and the token you just generated. Aswell set the reporting channel as you need.   
Example:
```
seat_url = https://<yourseatdomain>/api/v1
seat_token = <yourtoken>
```

## Help Call Example
seat

Seat API to errbot interface

- !poco find - Finds all pocos in given <system>, Usage !poco find <system>
- !poco refetch - Refetches seat poco API data
- !pos find - Finds all towers in given <system>, Usage !pos find <system>
- !pos offline - Finds all offline towers, Usage: !pos offline
- !pos oof - Finds all towers that will be running out of fuel in the given timeframe, Usa...
- !pos refetch - Refetches seat pos API data
- !pos silencefuel - Silences the out of fuel notification for a tower: Usage !pos silencefuel <Po...
- !pos silencefull - Silences notification if a silo/coupling array is full: Usage !pos silenceful...
- !pos silencesiphon - Silences the siphon notification for a tower: Usage !pos silencesiphon <PosID>

## misc
only tested against discord.py with errbot 4.1.3+.  
Keep in mind that eve api and seat api data is delayed.

## Contact
If you got questions catch me on gitter https://gitter.im/errbotio/errbot

Commit message:

changed config to templates, fixed typos, updated doc

README.md, after:

# err-seat
Seat Api Interface for errbot, reports starbases (out of fuel, silo full, siphon, reinforced). Ability to search for pocos/posses, offline posses, posses that run out of fuel in x hours.

## Installation
You need errbot and eveseat please see the following links for setting that up:   
*  http://errbot.io
*  http://seat-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

## Connecting / Configuration
Under https://yourseatdomain.com/api-admin add the ip of your errbot instance.
In the seat.py you need to set the api url and the token you just generated plus the additional settings.
Example:
```
!plugin config seat
{'FUEL_THRESHOLD': '12',
 'REPORT_POS_CHAN': '#starbases',
 'REPORT_REINF_CHANNEL': '#fleetcommand',
 'SEAT_TOKEN': 'JSjklasjdklasdljkljd2323',
 'SEAT_URL': 'https://seat.mydomain.com/api/v1'}
```

## Help Call Example
seat

Seat API to errbot interface

- !poco find - Finds all pocos in given <system>, Usage !poco find <system>
- !poco refetch - Refetches seat poco API data
- !pos find - Finds all towers in given <system>, Usage !pos find <system>
- !pos offline - Finds all offline towers, Usage: !pos offline
- !pos oof - Finds all towers that will be running out of fuel in the given timeframe, Usa...
- !pos refetch - Refetches seat pos API data
- !pos silencefuel - Silences the out of fuel notification for a tower: Usage !pos silencefuel <Po...
- !pos silencefull - Silences notification if a silo/coupling array is full: Usage !pos silenceful...
- !pos silencesiphon - Silences the siphon notification for a tower: Usage !pos silencesiphon <PosID>
plus a few admin commands which are documented in the code itself.

## misc
only tested against discord.py with errbot 4.1.3+.  
Keep in mind that eve api and seat api data is delayed.

## Contact
If you got questions catch me on gitter https://gitter.im/errbotio/errbot
